Maybe you'd better shut up. I know that your family has been fierce since childhood.
I have never seen such a luxurious scene.
I mean well. But come and see.
Don't be a good or bad person. Go beyond what I know,
Yunding Bie Shu will be equipped with exclusive butler service.
Since you said this particular book is yours. But call the dedicated butler over.
Then these people should open their eyes first. It shouldn't be an afterlife thing.
certainly. I'll call her now.
Dad, come quickly to the boys' villa and I will whip my butler.
It’s all Ye Qingyun and Jian Ye Qingyun
This time I'll let you, a low-class person
See the difference between us? Do you hear it?
Wait a minute and try to flick your dog's eyes
Come and cry
The exclusive butler of this villa has arrived.